So hey guys, I create this amazing tool called SRT generator and
video manager. Basically this tool generates subtitles
for your video by using AI. And the
AI we are using is AssemblyAI. Okay this is an
amazing AI which will be create your YouTube subtitles
videos sorry subtitles for your videos
in any language by default. Right now I'm in India so basically
I'm using two language which is global English and Hindi.
Even you can add your more language as per your choice.
Then you have to put API for use this tool.
Okay once you put the API you can click on generate and it will
give you certain srt files. So basically
these SRT files are called subtitles. Here you can see in download
I have lot of files so you can see srt okay in english,
okay in hindi there are a lot of Sid files so you can
download this once you generate the Srt file, okay now you
have to like test because even AI can do some kind of mistake like
grammatical mistakes and spelling mistakes. So once you generate
the file, okay click on here like SRT to mp4 and this will
be convert your srt file and mp4 file in
sorry MP3 file into mp4 file.
So here you can select MP3 and then you have to select SRt
file and default. Like a lot of time I use,
I speak in Hindi language so I have to use hindi
fonts. Okay so you can select or if you are using the English then
you don't have to worry. And here you have to put the titles, okay like
test or output or final output. You can like put dot
mp4 once you done it. Okay now click on srt
editor. Okay now then english subtitles like
I'm using english subtitles and english subtitle srt
and upload it. Here you can see the video and
you can see clearly this video is totally showing you
the subtitles on a big font. Okay here you
can read the the font. Here you can edit the font as per your choice.
Once you add it you can save it. And if you, if this area is
not look for good for you. Like you need a more area to edit the
SRT. Like here simply you can drag and drop easily
for your choice. This is really easy tool, like easy to manage.
Once you manage everything, okay and you can translate
even your subtitles into various different languages also
like just pick your subtitles by default I used the english subtitles.
Okay so you can translate like in English. Then you can translate
in German, Japanese, French, whatever languages
you want, like even Chinese also. But for Chinese you have
to download again font for Japanese you have download
also fonts. And if you want to download fonts, just click on download
font, upload fonts like dot TTF files and once you
upload it, it definitely download your fonts and you can use directly
this font directly in this tool. This is an
amazing tool once everything is done. Now there is
a twist even if you want to generate some music for your
videos. So here is an open source tool which is generated
50 seconds music files, okay. As per
your prompt. So you can generate this tool and even you can
use outside audio, video audio files for your videos,
okay. And there's a one important and amazing concept
called YouTube video manager. Here you can manage your video
like ad subtitles, URL's description, what kind of description
or even like you have to manage lot of videos. Like if once
you have like thousands of video, definitely you, you went
out for your old videos, change some videos, endpoint or ad subtitles,
it's totally depend on you. You can totally manage everything from here
and add your videos. Even you can add it every videos
and this is totally actually available in your database.
So you can manage and you can see like video id. Like I have just
created one video so I can use the video one id video
title URL description status like it's in planning phase. You can see
actually there are different types of titles like planning,
scripting, recording, editing, even you can manage everything.
Like it's a private video, public video and unlisted
video languages you want to select, like you want to track. Like which
videos have what kind of subtitles. Definitely so there are a lot of
like subtitles out there and languages out there. Even you can edit new languages
here and same like which videos this come under?
What kind of playlist? Okay. And even you can create new playlist
and videos like you do. Definitely ask for edit new
like end videos. So there are two end videos. So you can add two
and videos if you want or nothing. Totally depend. And even like
playlist is totally depending on this site like you're planning or
what. So this is an amazing tool which is absolutely free
of cost. You can use it free of cost. You can download from my GitHub
repository and enjoy. Thank you,